Mention other requirements for Loved maps (#2520)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Project_Loved/en.md

- Its creator is not banned or restricted
- At least one difficulty can be passed
- No difficulties contain beatmapping errors (timing issues, incorrect file formatting, etc.)
- It has correct metadata

However, despite nearly all [Pending and Work-in-progress](/wiki/Beatmaps#pending) maps meeting these criteria, few are voted into the Loved category due to the more selective nomination and voting requirements.

> To help sort out maps that captains will likely never nominate, osu!standard requires them to have at least 30 favourites in addition to the other requirements. **This does not apply to maps of the other three game modes.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help sort out maps that captains will likely never nominate, osu!standard maps are required to have at least 30 favourites in addition to the other requirements. **This does not apply to maps of the other three game modes.**
```
